Storyboard (Description and Map)

After a long and frustrating week, you are stuck in the main lobby of your favorite SNHU university since the chancellor locked all the exits to those who will not have enough knowledge by the weekend. To escape the University, you must collect all six valuable items spread all over the campus without being spotted by the chancellor in his room. To run, you will need to collect your phone from the Social Studies room, grab your laptop while jogging through the IT lab, and be equipped with a Calculator from the Math room. As well as the beaker from the Chemistry lab and the magnet from the Physics lab. Lastly, be sure to get the big blue book from the History auditorium next to the chancellor’s room. Be sure not to interrupt the chancellor during his meeting without having all the items handy; otherwise, it will end your studies at the campus. To escape, make sure to reach the chancellor with all the items you collected. Trust me, he will be checking your knowledge.
Game directions and inputs: The user starts the game from the Lobby room, and after collecting all the items, he should head on to the villain’s room. To navigate through the game, the user will be asked to enter inputs such as “east,” “south,” “north,” and “west.” At any stage, the user might request to quit the game by entering “quit” or to see the game instructions by entering “help.” In addition, the user can always call the short list of game controls by entering the “expand” keyword. To collect the spread items, the user will need to enter the command "get" followed by space and the item name as it appears on the screen. For example, "Get book". Some prompt messages will pause the game's flow, force the user to read the prompt, and hit the “enter” button to proceed.
